Port Redirection and Tunneling
In this module, we will examine different
forms of port redirection,
tunneling, and traffic encapsulation.
Tunneling a protocol involves
encapsulating it within
a different protocol.
By using various tunneling techniques,
we can carry a specific protocol over an
incompatible delivery network,
or provide a secure route through an
untrusted network.
Understanding these techniques will
provide us with the skills needed to
control the directional flow of traffic,
which can often be useful in
limited network environments.
These concepts can be challenging to
understand and difficult to visualize,
but we will work through several
hypothetical scenarios to gain a clearer
picture of the process.